xmas (final 3 chapters & consistency fixes) (#194)
natolambert/rlhf-book: chapters/01-introduction.md

Today, post-training is a complex process involving the aforementioned training objectives applied in various orders in order to target specific capabilities.
This book is designed to give a platform to understand all of these techniques, and in coming years the best practices for how to interleave them will emerge.

> The primary areas of innovation in post-training are now in reinforcement fine-tuning, reasoning training, and related ideas. 

Author: ```suggestion
The primary areas of innovation in post-training are now in reinforcement learning with verifiable rewards (RLVR), reasoning training generally, and related ideas. 
```
